1. Tom will attend this meeting at New York.
2. This section introduces REVERB which is a novel open extractor based on the constraints defined in the previous section.
3. A relation phrase extractor will use a sequence-labeling graphical model.
4. He become obsessed with the award after seeing one at Sylvester Stallone.
5. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a lexical constraint that is used to separate valid relation phrases from overspecified relation phrases.
6. According to IMDb, the online film website, he has appeared in 134 films as an actor.
7. Jack was among a roster of artists to receive the Honorary Academy Award.
8. Donald J. Trump ignited a surprising confrontation on Saturday between his incoming Republican administration and the cast of the Broadway “Hamilton”.
9. Faust made a deal with the Devil.
10. Extendicare agreed to buy Arbor Health Care for about US $432 million in cash and assumed debt.
11. Hudson was born in Hampstead which is a suburb of London.
12. I will let you know the exact time later.
13. The dragon appeared for dinner at eight with Melissa as usual.
14. She clung to him for hours trying to fight the tiredness that was overtaklng her
15. I stayed a night in the hostel there, renewing my friendship with the managers.
17. Te Aroha is a small dairy-farming town about 3,500 people and several hundred thousand head of cattle.
18. The land was a perpetual free lease from the town.
19. One card-game that hostellers had introduced me to at Whakatane provedvery popular at Te Aroha on rainy days.
20. Dealing continues until any player, after completing their turn but before the next player has their turn, knocks twice on the table.
21. I love swimming in the pool.
22. The princess' tone carried even more ice than before.
23. In the morning, we piled into a car and headed off.
24. We went through the town and took a side-road towards the mountain on the far side.
25. The forest road led us partway up the mountain, then ended in a parking lot.
26. We walks around the small weed grown lake that fills the lowest section of the crater.
27. We finally reached the top which is the highest point on the rim of the crater.
28. I saw a huge green lump.
29. I found myself looking at a spine of rock extending from the mountain top
30. He is asked to perform skills before he is adequately prepared.
31. I still possess a small phial of water and another of sand, collected during that visit.
32. The land was a perpetual free lease from the town.
33. Sirenetta watched the men go about their work aboard, lighting the lanterns for the night.
34. She could clearly hear their voices.
35. The captain was now in good hands.
36. He stopped at the base of the tower, squinted up at the north window and coughed loudly.
37. The dragon appeared for dinner at eight with Melissa as usual.
38. The forest road led us partway up the mountain, then ended in a parking lot.
39. You have received this email because someone shared a document with you from Google Docs.
40. The Walking Dead has been twiddling its torturous thumbs for the past few weeks.
41. The president described himself as an American citizen who cares deeply about our country.
42. Mr Bush has refrained since leaving office from commenting on Mr Obama's presidency.
43. A former president doesn't need to make it any harder.
44. Mr Bush's stance falls in line with tradition.
45. Mr Obama was clear that he would not weigh in on Mr Trump's decisions while he is still in office.
46. President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday assessed several more contenders for top U.S. posts.
47. Trump held meetings at his golf resort in Bedminster.
48. A Trump transition team statement said their discussion included the U.S. economy and global capital markets.
49. Trump met with billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, who he said was under consideration for commerce secretary.
50. The president-elect has already tapped three senior leaders.